his project is aimed at developing an online search Portal for the Placement Details for job seekers. The system is an online application that can be accessed throughout the organization and outside as well with proper login provided. This system can be used as an Online Job Portal for job seekers. Job Seekers logging should be able to upload their information in the form of a CV. Visitors/Company representatives logging in may also access/search any information put up by Job aspirants.
This system can be used as an Online Job Portal for the Placements providing to the un employees who are seeking for a job placement. Job Seeker logging into the system and he can should be able to upload their information in the form of a CV. Visitors/Company representatives logging in may also access/search any information put up by Job Seeker
The model that is basically being followed is the WATER FALL MODEL, which states that the phases are organized in a linear order. First of all the feasibility study is done. Once that part is over the requirement analysis and project planning begins. If system exists one and modification and addition of new module is needed, analysis of present system can be used as basic model.
The design starts after the requirement analysis is complete and the coding begins after the design is complete. Once the programming is completed, the testing is done. In this model the sequence of activities performed in a software development project are: -
Requirement Analysis
Project Planning
System design
Detail design
Coding
Unit testing
System integration & testing

Here the linear ordering of these activities is critical. End of the phase and the output of one phase is the input of other phase. The output of each phase is to be consistent with the overall requirement of the system. Some of the qualities of

spiral model are also incorporated like after the people concerned with the project review completion of each of the phase the work done.
WATER FALL MODEL was being chosen because all requirements were known beforehand and the objective of our software development is the computerization/automation of an already existing manual working system.
2.2.STUDY OF THE SYSTEM
GUI’S

In the flexibility of the uses the interface has been developed a graphics concept in mind, associated through a browses interface. The GUI’S at the top level have been categorized as
1.Administrative user interface

2.The operational or generic user interface

The administrative user interface concentrates on the consistent information that is practically, part of the organizational activities and which needs proper authentication for the data collection. The interfaces help the administrations with all the transactional states like Data insertion, Data deletion and Date updation along with the extensive data search capabilities.
The operational or generic user interface helps the users upon the system in transactions through the existing data and required services. The operational user interface also helps the ordinary users in managing their own information helps the ordinary users in managing their own information in a customized manner as per the assisted flexibilities.
NUMBER OF MODULES

The system after careful analysis has been identified to be presented with the following modules:
The modules involved are:
Admin
Job Seeker
Job Provider
Notification
Search
Report
Authentication

Admin

In this module Admin will add all the qualifications, skill, experience, city, state, country and update and delete information about the job provider or job seeker he can also search for the job seeker and he can send mail to offer the job to job seeker and he can also see the jobs add by the job provider.

Job Seeker

In this module Job Seeker register him self and upload his resume and fill the profile give by admin and after login he will search for the job on various conditions and he can change his profiles and resume and he can apply for the jobs based on various conditions. He can see the response of the company and he can call the company person for the interview.

Job provider

In this module Job Provider register him self and his company and after login he will add new job and he can search for the job seekers on various condition and he can offer the job to job seeker according to the job profile and he can also see the response from the job seekers and send the mail.

Notification

In this module admin and job provider send the notification to the job seeker in the form of email.

Reports:-
This module contains all the information about the reports generated by the admin based on the particular job seeker, particular job provider, all job seeker and job provider, all jobs generated by the job providers.

Authentication:-
This module contains all the information about the authenticated user. User without his username and password can’t enter into the login if he is only the authenticated user then he can enter to his login
